Corrections and updates to sign-in form post and codelab (#3581)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/sign-in-form-best-practices/index.md

* [Use meaningful HTML elements](#meaningful-html): `<form>`, `<input>`,
  `<label>`, and `<button>`.
* [Label each input with a `<label>`](#label).
* Use element attributes to [access built-in browser
  features](#element-attributes): `type`, `name`, `autocomplete`, `required`,
  `autofocus`.

> * Give inputs a [stable value](#autofill) for `name` or `id`.

Author: Thanks. 

I've updated the text to mention page load and website deployment.

I removed the link — the destination was the relevant section, but not really close enough to the relevant content.

submission functionality, and they can easily be styled. There's no point in
using a `<div>` or some other element pretending to be a button. 

> Ensure that the submit button says what it does, such as **Create account** or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the submit button says what it does. Examples include **Create account** or 
```

**Sign in**, not **Submit** or **Start**.

### Ensure successful form submission {: #submission }

Help password managers understand that a form has been submitted. There are two 
ways to do that: 

* Navigate to a different page.
* Emulate navigation with `History.pushState()` or `History.replaceState()`, 
and remove the password form.

> If you use `XMLHttpRequest` or fetch, make sure that sign-in success or failure 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `XMLHttpRequest()` or `fetch()`, make sure that sign-in success or failure 
```

Author: `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` here are referring to the APIs, not to a constructor or method (so no brackets).

I'll add code-font formatting to fetch for consistency.

See: 
https://web.dev/fetch-upload-streaming
https://web.dev/samesite-cookie-recipes

Author: `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` here are referring to the APIs, not to a constructor or method (so no brackets).

I'll add code-font formatting to fetch for consistency.

See: 
https://web.dev/fetch-upload-streaming
https://web.dev/samesite-cookie-recipes

> is reported in the response.

Reviewer 2: I don't know what this means and how it would be used.

We have a heuristic in which we consider a form submission to happen if we first (!) see an XMLHttpRequest / fetch and then the form is taken out of the DOM.

BTW. Chrome follows two steps 1) did we see a form submission (all the items above apply) and 2) was the form submission successful (we consider it successful if the landing page does not show the same form again).

Author: I've changed the text to the following: 'With an `XMLHttpRequest` or `fetch` request, make sure that sign-in success is reported in the response and handled by taking the form out of the DOM as well as indicating success to the user.'

## Keep passwords private—but enable users to see them if they want {: #show-password }

Passwords inputs should have `type="password"` to hide password text and help the 
browser understand that the input is for passwords. (Note that browsers use 

> [a variety of techniques](#autofill) in order to understand input roles and decide 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[a variety of techniques](#autofill) to understand input roles and decide 
```

whether or not to offer to save passwords.)

You should add a **Show password** icon or button to enable users to check the 

> text they've entered—and don't forget to add a **Forgot password** link. See 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
text they're entering. Don't forget to add a **Forgot password** link. See 
```

Author: Not sure — this sounds a bit jumpy. Maybe just a comma, not a dash?

  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">Two-stage sign-in: email or phone, then password.</figcaption>
</figure>

Ideally, this should be implemented with a single &lt;form&gt;. Use JavaScript 
to initially display only the email input, then hide it and show the password input. 
If you must force the user to navigate to a new page between entering their email and 
password, the form on the second page should have a hidden input element with the 
email value, to help enable password managers to store the correct value. [Password 
Form Styles that Chromium Understands](https://www.chromium.org/developers/design-documents/form-styles-that-chromium-understands) 
provides a code example.

### Help users to avoid re-entering data {: #autofill }

You can help browsers store data correctly and autofill inputs, so users don't 

> have to remember and enter email and password values. This is particularly important 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have to remember to enter email and password values. This is particularly important 
```

on mobile, and crucial for email inputs, which get [high abandonment rates](https://www.formisimo.com/blog/conversion-rate-increases-57-with-form-analytics-case-study/).

There are two parts to this:

> 1. The `autocomplete`, `name`, `id` and `type` attributes help browsers understand 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `autocomplete`, `name`, `id`, and `type` attributes help browsers understand 
```

  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">Sign-in with autocomplete—no text entry required!</figcaption>
</figure>

> Chrome on desktop displays email suggestions, shows the password manager and autofills the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chrome on desktop displays email suggestions, shows the password manager, and autofills the password.
```

### Enable the browser to suggest a strong password {: #password-suggestions }

> Modern browsers use heuristics to decide when to show password manager UI and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modern browsers use heuristics to decide when to show the password manager UI and 
```

  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">Password suggestion flow in Safari.</figcaption>
</figure>

(Strong unique password suggestion has been available in Safari since version 12.0.)

Built-in browser password generators mean users and developers don't need
to work out what a "strong password" is. Since browsers can securely store
passwords and autofill them as necessary, there's no need for users to remember
or enter passwords. Encouraging users to take advantage of built-in browser 
password generators also means they're more likely to use a unique, strong 

> password on your site, and less likely to reuse a password that may end up 
> being compromised elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
password on your site, and less likely to reuse a password that could be
compromised elsewhere.
```
